Hey, how you doing?
Can we just pause for a minute
to recognize how far you've come?
If you're here, you've just completed
a metric shit ton of inner work, okay?
And I am proud of you.
Seriously, I don't say that lightly.
I've been there and I know what it takes.
You've peeled back the mask.
You've stared into the mirror
and dared to ask, who am I?
Really?
You've seen the cost of performance,
not just to yourself, but to the
people you love, and that takes guts.
This work hasn't been easy.
I've asked a lot of you already.
You've had to feel things.
You've buried question roles, you thought
you fixed, and maybe for the first time in
a long time you've had to tell the truth.
So if part of you is feeling tired,
emotionally, raw, maybe even a little
lost, I want you to know that's normal.
It's exactly where you're supposed to be,
and it's where every great story turns.
You're not stuck.
You're standing on
sacred ground right now.
So let's zoom back out to
that hero's journey map we
introduced at the beginning.
You remember that we were exploring the
ordinary world, the place where you wear
the mask to fit in, the place where the
pain of misalignment makes its home.
Well, this, this moment right now, this
is where the call to adventure arrives.
Imagine a giant glowing sticker,
right stamped right on your journey.
You are here.
Now that you're intimately aware
of who you are and who you are not.
Now that you've given your authenticity
a name and begun to own it, we're
gonna start listening to it.
In this module, we'll hear the war
cry of your most authentic self, and
actually interpret that message we'll.
Decode the pain and reveal the truth of
your joy and the life you want to live.
Now that sounds a little better
than that last stuff we did right?
Good.
We're gonna explore the ways this
call to adventure has showed up in
the stories we love with Arthur and
Neo Moana, Harry Potter, Frodo, right.
The call always comes wrapped
in disruption, in discomfort,
discontent, a whisper or a roar.
Life is asking more of you.
In this module, we're gonna
reframe that discomfort.
We'll explore how your pain isn't
proof that something's wrong with you.
It's proof that something matters to you.
We'll dig into this in your Tension
Compass exercise, an incredibly
revealing tool that helps you see
where the tension in your life
is actually pointing to your joy.
It'll feel both obvious and
profound at the same time.
You'll see it all laid bare
where you've been shrinking
and what's calling you forward.
And in a separate video, we're
gonna talk about something else.
Rejection, not as a
failure, but as a filter.
Because when you finally begin to show
the real you, it doesn't always end in
happily ever after, and that's okay.
We're gonna prepare for those
moments, the ones where you'll
be tempted to reask, okay?
You'll learn how to see those moments
coming before they happen, and create
a mantra, a reminder of your worth.
So when the pressure does rise, you
don't abandon yourself again, because.
This isn't just a module about discomfort,
it's a module about direction, about
taking all of that pain and asking
where is it trying to take me?
Okay, so buckle in things
are about to get lighter.
Okay?
Clearer and more electric.
This is where your real story begins.
Let's go